                              Assignment 1

Isaac/isaacdejesus
Chase Bowman - mortar-and-pestle
Project: https://github.com/mortar-and-pestle/Admin-Portal

#1) Is the waterfall model a good choice for dev this system?

    No, it would be a bad idea to implement the waterfall model to this
    project since waterfall is not a very flexible model. Requirements might not be
    very clear at the beggining of the project and the client might
    change his mind at any time. Waterfall does not allow for requirements
    to change once the project has started which means if the requirements of
    the assignment/project change there will be the need to start from scratch
    again.

#2) Is iterative dev leading to a single release of the system a good choice
    for dev this system?

    Yes, iterative development is a good choice for the given project since it does
    allow for changes to be made while the project is already in development.
    Iterative would allow us to work on small functionalities of the project at every
    step of the way, thereby making it easier to view/measure progress. As a result,
    iterative is a very attractive model for the given project.

#3) Is agile dev with releases of small increments of software a good choice for
    dev this system?

    Since the only deliverable, agile development doesn't make much sense. There
    isn't really a customer to push incremental updates out to for them to use
    and test. There is no customer to receive feedback from. However, as developers,
    we can provide feedback ourselves which makes general iterative and incremental
    development the optimal choice.

#4) Discuss first thoughts on how you will approach the solution?

    Preliminary research into necessary technologies will be done taking into
    consideration the project's requirements. For example, if a database is
    needed, then a suitable DBMS/library will be chosen. Our team might not
    have budget constraints but we do have time constraints. The choice of
    technology will depend on the how fast it takes us to get up to speed with
    it and how popular the technology is. In addition, a task and
    architectural diagram will be much help when implementation begins.
    Tasks and goals will generally be split between my partner and I.
